hello my name is advanced fellas
academic cool we're going to be doing
the trick how to keep hoping for a
temporary milk and Rebecca's beautiful
fellow bus so without further ado let's
go flipper you really need it's one
thing in particular the big saw by LEM
this big guy boots off what I like to be
her boys right after the high orbit
we're gonna make a cut straight across
showing certain animals that will be
more difficult to do this to how to
antlers are but i will try to outline it
first make a good groove and then you
might have to hold on to stay back at
its color this thing's been frozen a bit
there we go we gotta get through
when you fix me
you
that you need to be wrapped around your
only thing to save is the battle that
you a Jew be wrapped around that's our
initial cut
you can't away
sada shooters wait it'll still me
shoulda seen it coming it happens
but um
and I do it all
the only thing to save is the bell that
you aim to be wrapped around your grade
Wow the taco tension go
the only bank robber psychological
there's no gay now you got oh
when you're six feet
only seem to save is the batter that you
aim to be wrapped around your brain
only thing to save is the batter that
you wave to be wrapped around your
you
ring for about you can't away
got a shooter swing it was still me